yes, I'm still in the pot stand with
the stefan and shows us now
a few new hardware parts has more
stand anyway I shoot
that's why it's the topic
As you know, this summer has threatened
pro and mac npd in cobra machine and
the pending now is all really
always what i have always proven to be
erhard drives the really euro
fit but now fit to the
stars very exclusive also priced
Of course, more settled up there
matching hardware and I'll show you
now a few features to the
single new statues we catch
Here it is and it is the normal one
pool I always stand a bit
down here to show
here is this normal plastic 1
put the rods as smooth
slide everything into each other with memory lok
and it kept the connection then a
very big are metal on metal without
of course to confirm it
it will be her sleep is really
extremely tight because it is not metal too
plastic what can always twist
and it's almost as much of the metal
holds metal and that's it really
coming down the holder is here
for example
of course also steplessly too
adjust
where the special on the variant can
of course, adjust the angle
You know that from every tank
stand you can twist the arm but
You can do it now without that
people have to write something down if
something with memory loks set
is further even if you strike too
plays again makes it a bit
to have quasi has the headroom
are three movements with a screw
is also a big happy screw
and team is stuck with one hand
and is almost on top of the head as well
infinitely adjustable are eight
different metal plates there
against each other thus in itself attack
I do not really have it either
understood how exactly it works but it
works is very good that the
main thing
and there is also a small but fine
help settings that myself am the
microphone is wrong and drums arrive
and think the basin is misetic with two
centimeters too close or too far away
then it starts the banks cover states
to move or in the cold English
magic lands
You can save that with the
hardware because the red still this
leeway and can virtually the
Replace the fine adjustment behind the set
must make
25 microphone stands and cymbal stand
put away that one actually to
Different tripod actually found
then there is a little detail left
basin 14 9
that was a very small bearing surface
what the vibration behavior and
optimizing the damping behavior of the restraint
should
walter small detail solution the the
quick lock therefore wants to know the march
extended but also standard in the
series always on here
which is quasi the combination stands by
keep basin
there is one more now
additional variant not only
This very flexible ball joint
what fontana me already decades
we know that has proven itself
also some copied but also the
option the whole from the angle to
change
there are still these poses
functions that means you can
complete stalls even at an angle
but there are also already longer
usually in a double circumstances
I have remembered it already
before
There were times it was out of the program
taken because it is very expensive but
the hardware also priced something about
the red of course settled and it
is now offered in the series so
advised in normal and walk peck
stand but not in the combination
stand and at the tom stands it is
now almost including so much more
Now of course there
normal double circumstances with too
malfunction also the
Adjustments here so you have
really many options is so
also set up the whole comfortable
and accordingly quickly do that
It happens quickly then there is
19 manufacturers still exist here below
there are a few more things now
basically, one can talk about it
the eyepatch that works
just say so for different sized ones
he can just be what you want
basically is permanent power but
when one or two games after
according to the size it is part
just open up what they once did
turn around again and thus
The angle changes here and I can
now make the small of the deer need
of course it is here she still gives the
Adjustment and is more
Of course, adjust the appropriate size
what I'm good at something so essential
in the system this this normal
These normal basketballers trier at
snell stalls gives away
by the technique now here
is applied and it has the big one
advantage that nickel place sports the
Baske then enjoy these angles high
to screw from below
of course that has about 15 centimeters
Totally away that completely falls away
we also have joints here like almost
all tamara so you can in
adjust the angle infinitely and what
the whole course has the advantage
you notice if you for example a
then he can play eight inches deep
the state of so far down
I really like to post
anyone can play in front of comfortable
the usual sitting position is not
has to change and that is a whole
substantial advantage because yes, too
trend again rather to the deep
only eight o'clock is going to like it
once again taken exactly and so
for this is the city that is
Perfect
in addition
you can already see all these
statistics because the feet looks a
big pad it's all very much
solidly built and for the right ones
specialists who slips everything away
there are still the spikes that can
you always like in the in the
wooden floors of jazz clubs frame
since the organizers are pleased
especially on carpet of course
It works perfectly as he works around
avoid slipping
this part really looks like me
find very successful memory lures you
Of course, everywhere and a very
solid w
the whole is there has the series really
he rather massively shows what kind of people are on
attach importance to stability and of course
the technique of the ideas here I find
has thus really something great
come up with that was as far as
I find very cool hardware
nice stable cool features that's it
I also stood by the topic so far
Thank you says thank you and see you soon